let's have low set about the takeover
strong and watch VX right now at the
stage socks on always
said I'm looking for that activist did
this fake you get a slap just like your
bitch my man's got scripts just like
Spielberg guys smoking whole fleets but
a green earth keeps up picks up hoes
down boys down Oh what is she go down
only
chewies in the boys feel little tutus
and both holes group of bitches I don't
know go dancing
Oh
right
looking got paper i hoarded like a phone
up grabbing all places then we slide in
that Rover skirts back on my bullshit
back on my bullshit my niggas we sip
drink like out and lose it back on my
bullshit back on my bullshit if you can
sell it then nigga we move it back on my
bullshit back on my bullshit hey
clutches in pop wheelies hear that
little shit back on my bullshit back on
my bullshit yeah you wanna squeeze and
hug it and prove it Gaga got this right
bitch that be boosting shit that's my
bottom hole she always talking shit mo
get it how you live I was unfortunate
function dirty water out the four
seasons my mama said don't force it no
then every mother nigga pay a mortgage
a few just a site see what a Taurus
bigger belly on my bullshit watch the
line don't process slam modem or Josh it
drop on flexing that we shred forward
what a wonderful fellow slow motion and
I'm leading on Suzanne same niggas i
went with me and Randy come play the
beat you dr. sang rui farmer bitch trace
Franco my bullshit back on my bullshit
my niggas we sip drink black out and
lose it back on my bullshit back on my
bullshit if you can sell it the nigga we
move it back on my bullshit beko